# Data related to the rearrangement section

This directory contains 6 files related to Section "6. Rearranging the
standard factorization":

* `up_to_2.txt` contains values of $t_2(N)$ for $N\le 50000$.  These
  were computed in three different ways with identical results (even
  beyond this range).  Note that the programs
  `src/rearrange/rearrange_2.cc` and `src/rearrange/rearrange_2_gs.cc`
  can compute values of $t_2(N)$ very quickly, far beyond this range.

* `up_to_3.txt` contains values of $t_{2,3}(N)$ for $N\le 50000$.
  These were computed with both linear programming and dynamic
  programming, with identical results.  Note that the largest value
  for which $t_{2,3}(N) \ge N/4$ is $N=26244$.

* `up_to_3.lp_ub_hints.txt` contains upper bounds on $t_{2,3}(N)$
  which can be verified by the linear program generated by
  `src/rearrange/rearrange_lp.py` .  Note that these bounds are not
  strict, or in other words these are NOT the actual values of
  $t_{2,3}(N)$.  Rather, there is a line `3 N T` if $t_{2,3}(N) < T$
  if running `src/rearrange/rearrange_lp.py 3 N T` produces a linear
  program that `lp_solve` verifies is infeasible.  (The dual programs
  output by `lp_solve` have been verified separately.)  Together with
  `up_to_3.txt`, these bounds prove that Theorem 1.3(v) is true for
  $N\le 5\times 10^6$.  The fact that $t_{2,3}(N+1) \ge t_{2,3}(N)$ is
  used to decrease the number of terms used in this "hint" file.

* `up_to_5.txt` contains values of $t_{2,3,5}(N)$ for $N\le 50000$.
  These were computed with integer programming, and the lower bounds
  produced were verified explicitly.  We plot these numbers in the
  paper, but do not use the data otherwise, because the limiting value
  of $t_{2,3,5}(N)/N$ appears to be below $2/7$.

* `up_to_7.txt` contains values of $t_{2,3,5,7}(N)$ for $N\le 50000$.
  These were computed with integer programming, and the lower bounds
  produced were verified explicitly.  Note that $t_{2,3,5,7}(N) \ge
  \lfloor 2N/7\rfloor$ in this range.

* `up_to_7.ladder.txt` contains sparse values of $t_{2,3,5,7}(N)$ that
  prove $t_{2,3,5,7}(N) \ge \lfloor 2N/7\rfloor$ for $56<N\le12\times
  10^6$.  These were copmuted with integer programming, and the lower
  bounds produced were verified explicitly.  The fact that
  $t_{2,3,5,7}(N+1) \ge t_{2,3,5,7}(N)$ is used to minimize the number
  of terms in the "ladder".
